Nate Mara
CSE 278
HW 01

1. Studying an assembly language allows you to really understand what the CPU is
   doing at each step of your program execution.

2. An assembly language is the lowest level programming language that humans
   normally use. every instruction in an assembly language directly maps to an
   inststruction built directly into the CPU.

3. Programs written in an assembly language are less maintainable than programs
   written in a higher level language. It is also harder to bring other
   programmers on to an assembly programming project because it is more
   difficult to extract meaning from the assembly source code.

4. Carefully written assembly programs can be many times faster than their
   higher level counterparts. ASM programs are almost always smaller and have
   less complex internal data structures.

5. Most asm statements have the following format `COMMAND REG1,REG2` where
   COMMAND is some assembly command and REG1 & REG2 are registers acted upon by
   the command.

6. 4 statements:
	- `MOV x,y` moves the value from register x into register y
	- `CALL x` calls the function x
	- `GLOBAL x` defines x as a globally accessable variable
	- `SUB x,y` subtracts y from x and stores the result in x

7. A compiler takes the source files and turns them into object files (one for
   each source file), which are then combined by the linker into a single
   binary executable file.

8. An object file holds the information for a single source file and the
   declarations for the libraries it references. The executable holds the
   information for the source file and the definitions of all of the libraries
   referenced by it.

9. in x86 asm

	section		.text
	global		_start
	global		avg

	_start:

		mov eax,20
		mov ebx,13
		mov ecx,82
		add eax,ebx
		add eax,ecx
		mov dl,3
		div eax

10. msglen is assigned to 12, the length of the msg symbol.
